help: Document modifying email visibility on sign-up. (#24448)
zulip/zulip: help/configure-email-visibility.md

{start_tabs}

{tab|on-sign-up}

1. After confirming your email, click **Change** below your email address.

> 1. Configure **Who can access your email address**, and click **Confirm**.

Reviewer: We usually break them up into two steps. So maybe something like:
```suggestion
1. Configure **Who can access your email address**.
1. Click **Confirm** to apply the email visibility change.
```

Author: Sounds good -- I moved confirmation to its own step. Screenshot updated above.
